next to redeem himself ladies gentlemen
is Christian singing on top your matter
buy whiskey the round of applause for
him
the
girl you bet summarize I've been section
section section and
oh yeah
baby girl
ah the new canoe canoe
for money
I'm I beseech you babe
by you every
you better give me
I got you
if you love
one night
it's like I kiss you baby
baby Megan ah
baby
ah
be aware you know
Oh
I did I did
like
I'll give you
Oh
you
okay
all right guys all right guys all right
guys well I think Christian finally gone
through his element did you say to my
girls over there oh come on ladies okay
judges what did you think of that
performance Wow
all right Kristen Kristen the good thing
about you is use of confidence like you
know you're you you you perform like a
professional you know you know how to
engage people in your performance and
the vibe I get from you is that guy who
is in control you know you're not
forcing it you're not doing too much
which is very very very good and it's
also a very rare quality to be honest
right now you are learning to do less
when you started out you were over doing
a lot of things you know but now you've
been able to put yourself on that
control to know what to do at the right
time and you're doing it well well done
well done I think that was a greener
performance all right one more thing
though sometimes I honestly wish I can
tune those off notes back sometimes you
know the way I feel inside of me because
sometimes you go slightly off you know
is happening to almost everybody and you
know I don't know why but just be
careful well done
all right faculty what did you think
hello Christian you know that's what we
discussed in the house don't push
you were elegant us suave you wait those
news and there is an incredible sex
equality to yo
there's a sexy quality to your voice and
your moves
you are 3le gold oh well done
okay excellent thank you thank you thank
you Kristen